# Miscellaneous

This repository is meant to store the little pieces of code I write — scripts,
snippets, anything important enough to write but trivial enough to not deserve
its own repository.

Contributions are appreciated!

## Contents

### backupmusic

I have two hard disks with music — my primary one, used with iTunes, and a
backup. I don’t manage these with Time Machine, but I wanted a simple way to
keep them synced. Because one is an <abbr class='smallcaps'>NTFS</abbr> volume,
using a tool like Carbon Copy Cloner isn’t an option. I don’t get automation,
but that’s okay because I only plug in the backup before going to bed anyhow.

So I put this together. It 1) copies library files from the iTunes directory to
the primary disk, then 2) mirrors the primary disk to the backup. Thus I can
restore both the music itself *and* the iTunes library files, in case either
becomes corrupted.

### flip

This is my attempt at writing a script that will take an image and animate
flipping it over, in the style of the iPhone’s Weather app. I originally
meant it to be used as a Bowtie theme, but gave up after several days of little
progress.

It’s obviously incomplete, but it works pretty well for most inputs. The next
step is to write a loop that runs the actual animation.

### web designs

Various designs that I started work on, but never completed for various
reasons. In some cases I’ve converted them from static
<abbr class='smallcaps'>PHP</abbr> and <abbr class='smallcaps'>HTML</abbr> 4
into plain <abbr class='smallcaps'>HTML</abbr> 5, but the rest of it remains.

Naturally, code quality lessens as the designs get older.

